# UbuntuStudio/Meetings/2011June5 - Ubuntu Wiki

Source: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/UbuntuStudio/Meetings/2011June5

## [2011June5](2011June5)

| Ubuntu Studio Meetings Schedule | Old Meeting Logs |
| --- | --- |

[Ubuntu Studio Meetings Schedule](index)

[Old Meeting Logs](Minutes)

**What:** Ubuntu Studio Contributors Meeting

**When:** Sunday, 2011-06-08 - 17:00 UTC **To view the meeting date/time in your time zone, **[click here](http://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=Ubuntu+Studio+Contributor+Meeting&iso=20110605T17).

**Where:** irc.freenode.net #ubuntu-meeting

| Contents Agenda for Meeting Meeting Logs Mootbot Output |
| --- |

Contents

1. [Agenda for Meeting](2011June5#Agenda_for_Meeting)
2. [Meeting Logs](2011June5#Meeting_Logs)
3. [Mootbot Output](2011June5#Mootbot_Output)

### Agenda for Meeting

If you wish to discuss anything not in this agenda, please wait until Any Other Business is called for.

- Call Meeting to Order
- Old Business none
- Oneiric Timeline (Scott) Rough timeline can be found [here](../Oneiric/Timeline) Please look over and make changes so we can firm it up Do people want it in chronological order?
- Website Update (Jorge/Scott) When will we have "final" form to look at? Where is it going to be hosted? Define what content will/will not go onto website Can we plan a date to go "live"?
- XFCE/UI Changes (Cory) Do we have a tentative date for new -settings/-look packages? Do you need help or testing? Is there a newer screenshot for the new UI prototype? Should we provide a option that looks like old UI?
- Menu changes (Scott) Should we additional sub-menus for Audio Production? For example, for MIDI, synthesizers, or effects. Anyone interested in organizing and effecting this? ScottL can provide technical assistance.
- Documentation Updates (Ailo/Scott) Clarification: generally help.ubuntu.com is for users and wiki.ubuntu.com is for developement The plan is to reorganize the help.ubuntu.com documentation We will be deprecating older pages, modifying current ones, and creating additional pages as needed Is anyone else interested in assisting? ScottL would also like to work on wiki.ubuntu.com
- New Applications (Scott) plugins - mda-lv2, eq10q, autotalent,invada-studio-plugins-lv2, vocproc, wah-plugins, foo-yc20, amb-plugins, dssi-vst, lv2vocoder, omins ladish - ladish, gladish, ladi-tools mudita24 - envy24control update, trying to get into Debian in time for Oneiric
- Testing Procedures Still need testing procedures developed Is anyone interesting in organizing and effecting this?
- Libre Graphics Magazine Ad (Scott) We have an opportunity for a free, full page ad in Libre Graphics Magazine Should we time this with Oneiric's release? Should we form a small group to help with brainstorming ideas and creating the ad?
- Advocacy ideas (Mike)
- Team Reports (Scott) We have a monthly team report that Canonical uses at [UbuntuStudio/TeamReports](../TeamReports) ScottL would really like it if someone else would volunteer to keep up with this It is not hard and is a very easy way for someone to get involved and contribute to the team
- Announcements (Scott) The calendar/schedule for Oneiric is at [OneiricReleaseSchedule](https://wiki.ubuntu.com/OneiricReleaseSchedule) LightDM will replace GDM in Oneiric Ocelot
- Any Other Business (all/anyone)
- Next Meeting Time/Location
- Next Meeting Chair

- none

- Rough timeline can be found [here](../Oneiric/Timeline)
- Please look over and make changes so we can firm it up
- Do people want it in chronological order?

Rough timeline can be found [here](../Oneiric/Timeline)

- When will we have "final" form to look at?
- Where is it going to be hosted?
- Define what content will/will not go onto website
- Can we plan a date to go "live"?

- Do we have a tentative date for new -settings/-look packages?
- Do you need help or testing?
- Is there a newer screenshot for the new UI prototype?
- Should we provide a option that looks like old UI?

- Should we additional sub-menus for Audio Production? For example, for MIDI, synthesizers, or effects.
- Anyone interested in organizing and effecting this? ScottL can provide technical assistance.

- Clarification: generally help.ubuntu.com is for users and wiki.ubuntu.com is for developement
- The plan is to reorganize the help.ubuntu.com documentation
- We will be deprecating older pages, modifying current ones, and creating additional pages as needed
- Is anyone else interested in assisting?
- ScottL would also like to work on wiki.ubuntu.com

- plugins - mda-lv2, eq10q, autotalent,invada-studio-plugins-lv2, vocproc, wah-plugins, foo-yc20, amb-plugins, dssi-vst, lv2vocoder, omins
- ladish - ladish, gladish, ladi-tools
- mudita24 - envy24control update, trying to get into Debian in time for Oneiric

- Still need testing procedures developed
- Is anyone interesting in organizing and effecting this?

- We have an opportunity for a free, full page ad in Libre Graphics Magazine
- Should we time this with Oneiric's release?
- Should we form a small group to help with brainstorming ideas and creating the ad?

- We have a monthly team report that Canonical uses at [UbuntuStudio/TeamReports](../TeamReports)
- ScottL would really like it if someone else would volunteer to keep up with this
- It is not hard and is a very easy way for someone to get involved and contribute to the team

We have a monthly team report that Canonical uses at [UbuntuStudio/TeamReports](../TeamReports)

- The calendar/schedule for Oneiric is at [OneiricReleaseSchedule](https://wiki.ubuntu.com/OneiricReleaseSchedule)
- LightDM will replace GDM in Oneiric Ocelot

The calendar/schedule for Oneiric is at [OneiricReleaseSchedule](https://wiki.ubuntu.com/OneiricReleaseSchedule)

### Meeting Logs

```
   1
 
13:00 
< holstein> 
#startmeeting


   2
 
13:00 
< MootBot> 
Meeting started at 12:02. The chair is holstein.


   3
 
13:00 
< MootBot> 
Commands Available: [TOPIC], [IDEA], [ACTION], [AGREED], [LINK], [VOTE]


   4
 
13:00 
< holstein> 
WELCOME ubuntu studio contributors team :)


   5
 
13:01 
< holstein> 
[topic] agenda UbuntuStudio/Meetings/2011June5


   6
 
13:01 
< MootBot> 
New Topic:  agenda UbuntuStudio/Meetings/2011June5


   7
 
13:01 
< holstein> 
lets get started


   8
 
13:01 
< holstein> 
who is here?


   9
 
13:01 
< holstein> 
o/ of course..., and?


  10
 
13:02 
-!- 
scott-upstairs 
[~scott@conr-adsl-dhcp-64-92-4-194.consolidated.net] has joined #ubuntu-meeting


  11
 
13:03 
-!- 
falktx 
[~falktx@95.69.116.16] has joined #ubuntu-meeting


  12
 
13:03 
< scott-upstairs> 
i'm here for the meeting


  13
 
13:03 
< scott-upstairs> 
o/


  14
 
13:03 
< holstein> 
scott-upstairs:
 i just dropped the link to the agenda UbuntuStudio/Meetings/2011June5


  15
 
13:03 
< holstein> 
and started roll-call


  16
 
13:04 
-!- 
astraljava 
[astraljava@hilla.kapsi.fi] has joined #ubuntu-meeting


  17
 
13:04 
< holstein> 
astraljava:
 hey


  18
 
13:05 
< holstein> 
im sure folks will sneak in


  19
 
13:05 
< holstein> 
and ckontros is here


  20
 
13:05 
< scott-upstairs> 
oi, here


  21
 
13:05 
< holstein> 
anyways...


  22
 
13:05 
< astraljava> 
holstein:
 Sorry for being distracted.


  23
 
13:05 
< holstein> 
[topic] old buisness


  24
 
13:05 
< MootBot> 
New Topic:  old buisness


  25
 
13:05 
< holstein> 
i have "none"


  26
 
13:05 
< holstein> 
and i think that is accurate


  27
 
13:06 
< falktx> 
hey guys


  28
 
13:06 
< scott-upstairs> 
yes, i don't think we have anything carrying over this meeting


  29
 
13:06 
< holstein> 
just thought id pose that as we wait for folks to trickle in


  30
 
13:06 
< falktx> 
my first IRC meeting, please be gentle


  31
 
13:06 
< holstein> 
falktx:
 welcome :)


  32
 
13:06 
< scott-upstairs> 
lol


  33
 
13:06 
< holstein> 
astraljava:
 no worries


  34
 
13:07 
< holstein> 
[topic] Oneiric Timeline UbuntuStudio/Oneiric/Timeline


  35
 
13:07 
< MootBot> 
New Topic:  Oneiric Timeline UbuntuStudio/Oneiric/Timeline


  36
 
13:07 
< holstein> 
scott-upstairs:
 you added this


  37
 
13:07 
< holstein> 
i think its shaping up


  38
 
13:07 
< holstein> 
scott-upstairs:
 you want to discuss a bit?


  39
 
13:07 
< scott-upstairs> 
oi, yes...just a rough time line, please review it and the things your responsible for/helping with and adjust as needed


  40
 
13:08 
< scott-upstairs> 
at some point (very soon hopefully) this will be a little more fleshed out and we can start maintining a better schedule for this cycle


  41
 
13:08 
< scott-upstairs> 
we can use this to gauge our process and also as reminder of what we need to do and when we need to do it by


  42
 
13:08 
< holstein> 
[action] review the timeline at UbuntuStudio/Oneiric/Timeline and adjust/help as needed


  43
 
13:08 
< MootBot> 
ACTION received:  review the timeline at UbuntuStudio/Oneiric/Timeline and adjust/help as needed


  44
 
13:08 
< scott-upstairs> 
furthermore it shows how other things are depending on the current task (if applicable)


  45
 
13:09 
< holstein> 
scott-upstairs:
 you mention putting it in chronologic order


  46
 
13:09 
< holstein> 
i say, if someone wants to do that, let them


  47
 
13:09 
< holstein> 
otherwise, its working for me as-is


  48
 
13:10 
< scott-upstairs> 
yes, i thought that putting it in chronological order would help understand how things should move forward


  49
 
13:10 
< scott-upstairs> 
but the colors would help people associated related items


  50
 
13:10 
-!- 
furn 
[~furntree@cpe-67-244-74-145.nyc.res.rr.com] has joined #ubuntu-meeting


  51
 
13:10 
< holstein> 
scott-upstairs:
 it wont hurt, i could look into doing that


  52
 
13:10 
-!- 
_guitarman_ 
[~guitarman@mail.wootangent.net] has joined #ubuntu-meeting


  53
 
13:10 
< scott-upstairs> 
for example, the website tasks which would span many months but are defintely related


  54
 
13:11 
< scott-upstairs> 
holstein, but i wanted to make sure people had made their edits first


  55
 
13:11 
< holstein> 
[action] holstein to re-order the timeline chronologically


  56
 
13:11 
< MootBot> 
ACTION received:  holstein to re-order the timeline chronologically


  57
 
13:11 
< scott-upstairs> 
i thought it would be easier to do that way...or at least less confusing


  58
 
13:11 
< holstein> 
eh, i dont mind looking at it later too


  59
 
13:11 
< holstein> 
if i need to re-do some things


  60
 
13:11 
< holstein> 
anyways, i'll either do that, or ask for help with it :)


  61
 
13:12 
< holstein> 
scott-upstairs:
 anymore on that?


  62
 
13:12 
< scott-upstairs> 
not at this time, holstein


  63
 
13:12 
< holstein> 
[topic] Website Update


  64
 
13:12 
< MootBot> 
New Topic:  Website Update


  65
 
13:12 
< holstein> 
i was hoping kokito would be here, but he said he couldnt be


  66
 
13:12 
< scott-upstairs> 
right, but i have some information...and not all is good


  67
 
13:12 
< holstein> 
anyways, scott-upstairs, do you have links handy you want to drop here?


  68
 
13:12 
< holstein> 
or news?


  69
 
13:13 
< scott-upstairs> 
jorge will cease working on the website effectively immediately because he is taking a new job that will move him to japan


  70
 
13:13 
< scott-upstairs> 
:(


  71
 
13:13 
< scott-upstairs> 
the relatively good news is that what he has done is fairly mature and can be used


  72
 
13:13 
< scott-upstairs> 
but we will still need to do a few things however


  73
 
13:14 
< scott-upstairs> 
we need to discuss where we are going to host it


  74
 
13:14 
< scott-upstairs> 
firstly


  75
 
13:14 
< scott-upstairs> 
does anyone have any opinions on this matter?  should we continue to squeek along with canonical hosting and limited access or should we push forward and host ourselves?


  76
 
13:15  
* 
scott-upstairs hears crickets chirping


  77
 
13:15 
< holstein> 
scott-upstairs:
 i think it depends


  78
 
13:15 
< furn> 
scott-upstairs:
 i think anything that helps the ease of use for the end user would be a good choice


  79
 
13:15 
< holstein> 
as of now,t he cannonical hosting is not working for us


  80
 
13:16 
< holstein> 
furn:
 hello


  81
 
13:16 
< scott-upstairs> 
right, i recently (two days ago) got access to our website sent to me so we are not relying on eric anymore for updates


  82
 
13:16 
< furn> 
holstein:
 afternoon kind sir


  83
 
13:16 
< holstein> 
scott-upstairs:
 im comfortable leaving that up to you


  84
 
13:16 
< scott-upstairs> 
however i would suspect getting other access would be as laborious and i can't do everything in this matter


  85
 
13:16 
< holstein> 
if you feel like thd current system can work now that you have access


  86
 
13:16 
< scott-upstairs> 
so i would push for hosting ourselves but i want to get input from others


  87
 
13:16 
< holstein> 
i mean, we can vote it out


  88
 
13:17 
< scott-upstairs> 
right, holstein, make an action item please about me researching what is available for hosting, i.e. price, bandwidth, storage, etc, etc


  89
 
13:17 
< holstein> 
[action] scott-upstairs to research alternative hosting plans


  90
 
13:17 
< MootBot> 
ACTION received:  scott-upstairs to research alternative hosting plans


  91
 
13:17 
< astraljava> 
scott-upstairs:
 Do we have any measurements, like how many are accessing our site daily?


  92
 
13:18 
< scott-upstairs> 
basically i feel that unless someone strenuously disagrees with us hosting our own i'll research it and put it to the group


  93
 
13:18 
< holstein> 
scott-upstairs:
 you want to leave it at that for now? and vote next time with mor information?


  94
 
13:18 
< astraljava> 
scott-upstairs:
 Might help in deciding about the hosting.


  95
 
13:18 
< scott-upstairs> 
we still have to evaluate what the costs are and if we can do that


  96
 
13:18 
< furn> 
scott-upstairs:
 i think hosting ourself at any capacity at this point is a good option


  97
 
13:18 
< scott-upstairs> 
aye, but would everyone agree with putting up five quid to help ;)


  98
 
13:18 
< holstein> 
scott-upstairs:
 thats the issue


  99
 
13:19 
< holstein> 
we need to have all the information, and go from there i say


 100
 
13:19 
< holstein> 
lets table it til we get some #'s


 101
 
13:19 
< holstein> 
let me/us know if we can help gather information


 102
 
13:19 
< scott-upstairs> 
i can ask jorge via email too about hosting, he seemed to indicate that it shouldn't be that big of a deal


 103
 
13:19 
< furn> 
could we setup a donation system on the site as a non profit?


 104
 
13:20 
< scott-upstairs> 
i think cory mentioned away to get some funds as well, perhaps from canonical?  i'll ask cory as well


 105
 
13:20 
< scott-upstairs> 
we could do that furn


 106
 
13:20 
< holstein> 
[action] vote next meeting about where the new site will be hosted


 107
 
13:20 
< MootBot> 
ACTION received:  vote next meeting about where the new site will be hosted


 108
 
13:20 
< holstein> 
im going to skip the XFCE topic in hopes that ckontros makes it back


 109
 
13:21 
-!- 
mammig 
[~mammig@ARennes-556-1-97-249.w109-211.abo.wanadoo.fr] has joined #ubuntu-meeting


 110
 
13:21 
< furn> 
i think at this point with so many indie devs having paypal donation buttons, the act of politely suggesting the point of donation isnt quite as audacious as it once was for free media


 111
 
13:21 
< holstein> 
[topic] Menu changes


 112
 
13:21 
< MootBot> 
New Topic:  Menu changes


 113
 
13:21 
< holstein> 
furn:
 not to cut you off


 114
 
13:21 
< scott-upstairs> 
holstein, i can answer some xfce changes but i agree let's wait and see if cory comes back, if not we can go with what i know


 115
 
13:22  
* 
scott-upstairs is looking for screen shots


 116
 
13:22 
< holstein> 
scott-upstairs:
 personally, i like the generic menu items


 117
 
13:22 
< holstein> 
for example, when i need to burn an iso in brasero, that has nothing to do with the menu its located in


 118
 
13:22 
< scott-upstairs> 
other distros (many ubuntu studio derivatives) use additioanl submenus for audio applications


 119
 
13:23 
< holstein> 
i think some of that might happen with putting apps like qtractor in a MIDI tab


 120
 
13:23 
< scott-upstairs> 
example screenshot:  http://tangostudio.tuxfamily.org/images/stories/tangostudio-karmasutra.png


 121
 
13:23 
< holstein> 
i mean, qtractor is *not* the go-to daw, but if you want to record audio with it


 122
 
13:23 
< holstein> 
and its in the MIDI menu...


 123
 
13:23 
< scott-upstairs> 
right, but synthesisers could safely be put into a synth submenu


 124
 
13:23 
< holstein> 
BUT, the scrolling for apps in the giant menu is a mess*


 125
 
13:23 
< scott-upstairs> 
the same for effects


 126
 
13:24 
< holstein> 
scott-upstairs:
 agreed


 127
 
13:24 
< scott-upstairs> 
the current menu IS better because we cut some


 128
 
13:24 
< scott-upstairs> 
my feeling is to leave it as is because it's a lot of manual coding to "fix" it


 129
 
13:24 
< holstein> 
well, thats my other argument too


 130
 
13:24 
< scott-upstairs> 
if other's feel that this is a benefit then i would be happy to make the changes


 131
 
13:24 
< holstein> 
its more work than i feel like we need to take on right now


 132
 
13:24 
< scott-upstairs> 
IF, and only IF...


 133
 
13:24 
< furn> 
holstein:
 i think everyone can nit pick about a menu item that isnt properly placed, but considering out somewhat savvy user base having something like qtractor under midi isnt too big


 134
 
13:24 
< scott-upstairs> 
someone can clearly identify what they want


 135
 
13:25 
< holstein> 
BUT, something we should keep on the table for the future for sure


 136
 
13:25 
< holstein> 
i propose we vote to put this off til the next cycle*


 137
 
13:25 
< scott-upstairs> 
i have it in the "release planning" wiki so it's not going away forever


 138
 
13:25 
< scott-upstairs> 
seconded


 139
 
13:25 
< holstein> 
cool


 140
 
13:26 
< scott-upstairs> 
obvisouly there isn't enough support for it :P


 141
 
13:26  
* 
ckontros is "here" but not here. Im just looking in when I break from cutting my grass. ;)


 142
 
13:26 
< scott-upstairs> 
ckontros, you want to talk about xfce?


 143
 
13:26 
< holstein> 
this is how you vote +1 / -1 / +0


 144
 
13:26 
< ckontros> 
Sure.


 145
 
13:26 
< holstein> 
ckontros:
 yeah, hang for a sec


 146
 
13:26 
< holstein> 
and you're next


 147
 
13:26 
< scott-upstairs> 
holstein, i'm not sure we need to vote


 148
 
13:26 
< holstein> 
[vote] hold menu re-vamp til next cycle


 149
 
13:26 
< MootBot> 
Please vote on:  hold menu re-vamp til next cycle.


 150
 
13:26 
< MootBot> 
Public votes can be registered by saying +1/-1/+0 in the channel, private votes by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0  to MootBot


 151
 
13:26 
< MootBot> 
E.g. /msg MootBot +1 #ubuntu-meeting


 152
 
13:26 
< scott-upstairs> 
only two voiced opinions and we both said nay


 153
 
13:26 
< holstein> 
+1


 154
 
13:26 
< MootBot> 
+1 received from holstein. 1 for, 0 against. 0 have abstained. Count is now 1


 155
 
13:27 
< scott-upstairs> 
+1


 156
 
13:27 
< MootBot> 
+1 received from scott-upstairs. 2 for, 0 against. 0 have abstained. Count is now 2


 157
 
13:27 
< holstein> 
well, its official :)


 158
 
13:27  
* 
falktx people type too fast...


 159
 
13:27 
< furn> 
hehe


 160
 
13:27 
< astraljava> 
+1


 161
 
13:27 
< MootBot> 
+1 received from astraljava. 3 for, 0 against. 0 have abstained. Count is now 3


 162
 
13:27 
< falktx> 
can I show a quick screen shot ?


 163
 
13:27 
< falktx> 
it's about this


 164
 
13:27 
< christof> 
+1


 165
 
13:27 
< MootBot> 
+1 received from christof. 4 for, 0 against. 0 have abstained. Count is now 4


 166
 
13:27 
< holstein> 
falktx:
 sure


 167
 
13:27 
< holstein> 
christof:
 hello


 168
 
13:27 
< holstein> 
i think thats the majority


 169
 
13:28 
< holstein> 
[endvote]


 170
 
13:28 
< christof> 
hi all


 171
 
13:28 
< MootBot> 
Final result is 4 for, 0 against. 0 abstained. Total: 4


 172
 
13:28 
< scott-upstairs> 
can ckontros go?


 173
 
13:28 
< holstein> 
[action] postpone menu revamp til next cycle (12.04)


 174
 
13:28 
< ckontros> 
Sure


 175
 
13:28 
< MootBot> 
ACTION received:  postpone menu revamp til next cycle (12.04)


 176
 
13:28  
* 
scott-upstairs is anxious to get him while he's here


 177
 
13:28 
< ckontros> 
But wait.


 178
 
13:28 
< holstein> 
[topic] XFCE/UI Changes


 179
 
13:28 
< MootBot> 
New Topic:  XFCE/UI Changes


 180
 
13:29 
< falktx> 
basically I already have the code for this (more submenus)


 181
 
13:29 
< ckontros> 
IDK We have to become more familuar with how XFCE does menus.


 182
 
13:29 
< holstein> 
falktx:
 yeah, hold that til the end if you dont mind*


 183
 
13:29 
< ckontros> 
Im unsure if we can apply the same work we did in GNOME ot XFCE.


 184
 
13:29 
< falktx> 
http://kxstudio.sourceforge.net/tmp/scr001.jpeg


 185
 
13:29 
< MootBot> 
LINK received: http://kxstudio.sourceforge.net/tmp/scr001.jpeg


 186
 
13:29 
< falktx> 
holstein:
 k, sorry


 187
 
13:29 
< holstein> 
falktx:
 no worries :)


 188
 
13:30 
< ckontros> 
falktx:
 But your install is all or nothing correct?


 189
 
13:30 
< holstein> 
ckontros:
 i would imagine its quite different


 190
 
13:30 
< scott-upstairs> 
mmm, falktx that is a good looking screenshot


 191
 
13:30 
< ckontros> 
Sorry to back-track but I gotta chime in.


 192
 
13:31 
< falktx> 
ckontros:
 nope, let me get you a quick deb


 193
 
13:31 
< falktx> 
here:


 194
 
13:31 
< falktx> 
https://launchpad.net/~kxstudio-team/+archive/kxstudio/+files/kxstudio-menu_3.0%7Egit20110527-0%7Enatty1_all.deb


 195
 
13:32 
< falktx> 
the deb is the stuff for this menu


 196
 
13:32 
< ckontros> 
falktx:
 So your saying your work applies to any menuing system?


 197
 
13:32 
< falktx> 
ckontros:
 yes, I made it work under gnome, kde and xcfe at least


 198
 
13:32 
< scott-upstairs> 
i think that xfce follows the freesektop.org guidelines better than other DE's


 199
 
13:32 
< holstein> 
agreed*


 200
 
13:32 
< ckontros> 
Ok. We'll look into this. Move along. :)


 201
 
13:32 
< falktx> 
scott-upstairs:
 kde does so, it's just gnome that is the weird thing, like they were the bosses...


 202
 
13:33 
< holstein> 
yeahm, we can always put it back on the table*


 203
 
13:33 
< holstein> 
anytime really, if we find that its something easy that we can handle


 204
 
13:33 
< falktx> 
sure, I usually around if anyone wants to know more stuff about it


 205
 
13:33 
< scott-upstairs> 
i still say that just because we can do this (adjust menu structure) that we shouldn't unless there is a demand


 206
 
13:33 
< ckontros> 
We might be able to do it this cycle


 207
 
13:33 
< scott-upstairs> 
and i don't think that the demand is really there apparently


 208
 
13:34 
< scott-upstairs> 
let'


 209
 
13:34 
< holstein> 
well, its postponed as it stands


 210
 
13:34 
< falktx> 
scott-upstairs:
 the menu gets pretty big and it's a pain to use...


 211
 
13:34 
< ckontros> 
scott-upsrairs:
 I say that we at least copy our current functionality. Unless *-menu was removed last cycle.


 212
 
13:34 
< ckontros> 
ie:
 With the A/V submenus.


 213
 
13:35 
< scott-upstairs> 
defintely copy our current functionality for now


 214
 
13:35 
< scott-upstairs> 
let's get some of the larger issues under our belt and then see about the restructuring


 215
 
13:35 
-!- 
Epirotes 
[~Epirotes@unaffiliated/epirotes] has left #ubuntu-meeting []


 216
 
13:35 
< ckontros> 
+1


 217
 
13:35 
< scott-upstairs> 
we still ahve to migrate to xfce


 218
 
13:35 
< scott-upstairs> 
THAT will probably be a bigger challenge than any realizes still


 219
 
13:35 
< falktx> 
does the US theme works on xcfe?


 220
 
13:36 
< ckontros> 
falktx:
 Generally, yes. I have to make a XFWM theme. And thats in progress.


 221
 
13:37 
< ckontros> 
Feel free to move to next item.


 222
 
13:37 
< scott-upstairs> 
hmmm, no ailo


 223
 
13:37 
< scott-upstairs> 
holstein, can ckontros do his bit?


 224
 
13:37 
< holstein> 
yeah, thats up


 225
 
13:37 
< ckontros> 
Wait, wait. Im not presenting.


 226
 
13:37 
< ckontros> 
I had no plans to anyway.


 227
 
13:38 
-!- 
bartje_ 
[510bba89@gateway/web/freenode/ip.81.11.186.137] has joined #ubuntu-meeting


 228
 
13:38 
< holstein> 
ckontros:
 you want to just give an update?


 229
 
13:38 
< holstein> 
or drop some links?


 230
 
13:38 
< scott-upstairs> 
can you update about the xfce stuff and you mentioned banging heads together about a few things


 231
 
13:38 
< ckontros> 
Ill happily answer any questions. :)


 232
 
13:38 
< holstein> 
OK, that works


 233
 
13:38 
< holstein> 
any questions?


 234
 
13:38 
< holstein> 
Do we have a tentative date for new -settings/-look packages?


 235
 
13:38 
< ckontros> 
I mean things are gonna move better now that my uploading is sorted.


 236
 
13:39 
< scott-upstairs> 
yay :)


 237
 
13:39 
< ckontros> 
Im gonna shoot for 1 week for settings.


 238
 
13:39 
< holstein> 
Do you need help or testing?


 239
 
13:39 
< scott-upstairs> 
i guess we need to update the -desktop package first


 240
 
13:39 
< ckontros> 
-Look will be what it is untill I get some of the art folks settled.


 241
 
13:39 
< scott-upstairs> 
then -settings and -look ?


 242
 
13:39 
< ckontros> 
So -settings will have to hit then the seed changes.


 243
 
13:40 
< scott-upstairs> 
setting first?  i would have thought we needed to update -desktop first


 244
 
13:40 
< scott-upstairs> 
wans't that what we were looking at earlier on pastebin?


 245
 
13:40 
< ckontros> 
No. Because -desktop is made from the seeds but will dep on *-settings.


 246
 
13:40 
< ckontros> 
IIRC


 247
 
13:41 
< scott-upstairs> 
this "chicken and/or egg" thing gets confusing sometimes :/


 248
 
13:41 
< ckontros> 
;)


 249
 
13:41 
< holstein> 
ckontros:
 you need help/testing ?


 250
 
13:41 
< scott-upstairs> 
so hopefully before Alpha2 we should have something to test?


 251
 
13:41 
< ckontros> 
So we can get things ready in the seeds and -settings but they should push to the srchine @ the same time.


 252
 
13:42 
< ckontros> 
*Hopefully* But Im thinking things will be rocky for a month or so.


 253
 
13:42 
< scott-upstairs> 
i imagine we will need to make adjustments (possibly many as bugs are found) to the seeds and -settings


 254
 
13:42 
< scott-upstairs> 
ckontros, so the plan is replicate our current functionality as far as UI right?


 255
 
13:42 
< ckontros> 
Side note to all this, we can test upgrade paths but my official stance is new installs.


 256
 
13:42 
< scott-upstairs> 
after we get things stable, then we shoot for a new UI?


 257
 
13:43 
< ckontros> 
Correct


 258
 
13:43 
< scott-upstairs> 
cool to both :)


 259
 
13:43 
< holstein> 
ckontros:
 Is there a newer screenshot for the new UI prototype?


 260
 
13:43 
< ckontros> 
holstein:
 No.


 261
 
13:43 
< holstein> 
the other question from the agenda is Should we provide a option that looks like old UI?


 262
 
13:43 
< holstein> 
i say, if its not dirt-simple, no


 263
 
13:43 
< ckontros> 
I'll upgrade the wiki with new info soon but its slow going at this point.


 264
 
13:43 
< holstein> 
i dont think its going to be a giant departure in look/feel


 265
 
13:44 
< ckontros> 
+1 (to no that is)


 266
 
13:44 
< scott-upstairs> 
maybe someone can hack something in a ppa to help users BUT


 267
 
13:44 
< scott-upstairs> 
if we move to a new UI it should be default and we should push that


 268
 
13:44 
< holstein> 
yeah, something unoffical is welcome for sure


 269
 
13:44 
< ckontros> 
Well, it kinda will. Just AWN at the bottom as opposed the the panel across the top. But all functionality is replicated.


 270
 
13:44 
< holstein> 
[action] Should we provide a option that looks like old UI? - not officially


 271
 
13:44 
< MootBot> 
ACTION received:  Should we provide a option that looks like old UI? - not officially


 272
 
13:45 
< falktx> 
I have to pop up again here, as I am developing a replacement for *-controls


 273
 
13:45 
< holstein> 
ckontros:
 cool, thanks :)


 274
 
13:45 
< ckontros> 
np


 275
 
13:45 
< falktx> 
it is meant for kxstudio mainly, but I'm working to get it nicely goind with others distros too


 276
 
13:45 
< holstein> 
[topic] Documentation Updates


 277
 
13:45 
< MootBot> 
New Topic:  Documentation Updates


 278
 
13:45 
< scott-upstairs> 
holstein, can we break and address falktx 's comment first?


 279
 
13:45 
< holstein> 
scott-upstairs:
 you want to comment? ask for help officially?


 280
 
13:46 
< holstein> 
scott-upstairs:
 sure


 281
 
13:46 
< falktx> 
can I continue?


 282
 
13:46 
< scott-upstairs> 
falktx, what does the -controls update do?  what functionality?


 283
 
13:46 
< scott-upstairs> 
sure falktx  :)  you da man!


 284
 
13:46 
< falktx> 
for now the controls don't do much, as everything is already working in kxstudio ;)


 285
 
13:46  
* 
scott-upstairs has a strat and isn't afraid to play it ;)


 286
 
13:47 
< falktx> 
but it checks for the kernel version and user/audio thing now


 287
 
13:47 
< scott-upstairs> 
faltx one thing we have tried to do with updating -controls is to author the app with the perspective of someone "updating" from vanilla ubuntu to ubuntu studio


 288
 
13:47 
< falktx> 
the more important thing about this app it's that it contain other cool sub-apps


 289
 
13:47 
< scott-upstairs> 
so this would include checking if user is in audio group currently


 290
 
13:47 
< falktx> 
a jack-patchbay, a-la patchage


 291
 
13:47 
< ckontros> 
falktx:
 How about we team up and refine -controls rather then have parallel efforts?


 292
 
13:48 
< falktx> 
ckontros:
 we have different targets


 293
 
13:48 
< ckontros> 
Like?


 294
 
13:48 
< falktx> 
ckontros:
 for example, It also works as a plugin host


 295
 
13:48 
< scott-upstairs> 
oi, it controls jackd, can start applciations


 296
 
13:48 
< falktx> 
it manages WineASIO too


 297
 
13:48 
< falktx> 
screenshots coming


 298
 
13:48 
< scott-upstairs> 
you can install plugins (or at least assign where to look for them)


 299
 
13:48 
< falktx> 
this is the main app:


 300
 
13:49 
< falktx> 
http://kxstudio.sourceforge.net/tmp/scr002.jpeg


 301
 
13:49 
< MootBot> 
LINK received:  http://kxstudio.sourceforge.net/tmp/scr002.jpeg


 302
 
13:49 
< falktx> 
http://kxstudio.sourceforge.net/tmp/scr003.jpeg


 303
 
13:49 
< MootBot> 
LINK received:  http://kxstudio.sourceforge.net/tmp/scr003.jpeg


 304
 
13:49 
< falktx> 
http://kxstudio.sourceforge.net/tmp/scr004.jpeg


 305
 
13:49 
< MootBot> 
LINK received:  http://kxstudio.sourceforge.net/tmp/scr004.jpeg


 306
 
13:49 
< falktx> 
these are the 3 main tabs of it


 307
 
13:49 
< falktx> 
the first manages system stuff (jack, alsa bridge, a2j and pulse2jack too)


 308
 
13:49 
< ckontros> 
falktx:
 Well you mentioned "replacing" *-controls. SO if we have different targets, why replace?


 309
 
13:50 
< falktx> 
ckontros:
 cause I want to incorporate all *-controls functionality inside


 310
 
13:50 
< falktx> 
ckontros:
 once ready, I want to push it to debian too


 311
 
13:50 
< ckontros> 
Forgive me, Im just trying to understand how the targets are different.


 312
 
13:50 
< scott-upstairs> 
falktx, does it adjust jackd settings; rtprio, etc


 313
 
13:50 
-!- 
chilicuil 
[~chilicuil@unaffiliated/chilicuil] has joined #ubuntu-meeting


 314
 
13:51 
< falktx> 
scott-upstairs:
 it works with jackdbus right now. but I want to make it work with jackd too, soon


 315
 
13:51 
< falktx> 
ckontros:
 well, someone once told me that having WineASIO option in a US official tool was a bad tihng


 316
 
13:52 
< falktx> 
*thing


 317
 
13:52 
< scott-upstairs> 
ckontros, i think it is currently intended to target the kxstudio audience where many things we worry about are already configure by installation


 318
 
13:52 
< falktx> 
and that the "Audio Plugins PATH" management is also not very linux friendly


 319
 
13:52 
< scott-upstairs> 
and they target different applications, including vst, wineasio, and applications that falktx has  written


 320
 
13:52 
< ckontros> 
falktx:
 Having the option for us would be no different than Debian. We just cant include the other packages by default.


 321
 
13:52 
< scott-upstairs> 
good work by the way


 322
 
13:53 
< falktx> 
thanks


 323
 
13:53 
< falktx> 
ckontros:
 I know, any non-working option can be hidden if needed


 324
 
13:53 
< falktx> 
for example, WineASIO stuff is auto-hidden if WineASIO is not installed


 325
 
13:53 
< holstein> 
maybe falktx and ckontros can discuss and report next meeting?


 326
 
13:54 
< holstein> 
sounds like something we could potentially take advantage of*


 327
 
13:54 
< scott-upstairs> 
+1 or until after we get a working install with xfce ?


 328
 
13:54 
< falktx> 
ckontros:
 I also target jack2 and ladish in partical (more focus to it), which I don't think US is ready for now


 329
 
13:54 
< ckontros> 
Sure. So, is this a situation where you just wanna do what you do and not work directly with us on our -controls app? I can get that. I just wanna be clear.


 330
 
13:54 
< holstein> 
[action] falktx and ckontros to discuss *-controls functionality and report


 331
 
13:54 
< MootBot> 
ACTION received:  falktx and ckontros to discuss *-controls functionality and report


 332
 
13:55 
< falktx> 
ckontros:
 I can focus on the *-controls stuff if needed. but it's my own app, please understand


 333
 
13:55 
< falktx> 
I've been working on it since the last 4 months or more...


 334
 
13:55 
< holstein> 
as far as documentation updates, let me just action-item these entries


 335
 
13:56 
< holstein> 
[action] Documentation - Clarification: generally help.ubuntu.com is for users and wiki.ubuntu.com is for developement


 336
 
13:56 
< MootBot> 
ACTION received:  Documentation - Clarification: generally help.ubuntu.com is for users and wiki.ubuntu.com is for developement


 337
 
13:56 
-!- 
jjohansen 
[~jj@static-50-53-37-130.bvtn.or.frontiernet.net] has quit [Ping timeout: 276 seconds]


 338
 
13:56 
< scott-upstairs> 
i was hoping ailo would be here for the documentation part but i have a structure for the help.ubuntu.com section


 339
 
13:56 
< holstein> 
[action] Documentation - The plan is to reorganize the help.ubuntu.com documentation


 340
 
13:56 
< MootBot> 
ACTION received:  Documentation - The plan is to reorganize the help.ubuntu.com documentation


 341
 
13:56 
< ckontros> 
Ill let the meeting move on. And really, this isnt my call anyway as my involvement is for UI stuff and this cycle only. ;)


 342
 
13:57 
-!- 
apachelogger 
is now known as kernellogger


 343
 
13:57 
< holstein> 
[action] Documentation We will be deprecating older pages, modifying current ones, and creating additional pages as needed


 344
 
13:57 
< MootBot> 
ACTION received:  Documentation We will be deprecating older pages, modifying current ones, and creating additional pages as needed


 345
 
13:57 
< holstein> 
[action] Documentation - Is anyone else interested in assisting?


 346
 
13:57 
< MootBot> 
ACTION received:  Documentation - Is anyone else interested in assisting?


 347
 
13:57 
-!- 
sysdoc 
[~sysdoc@pool-71-105-36-163.lsanca.dsl-w.verizon.net] has joined #ubuntu-meeting


 348
 
13:57 
< scott-upstairs> 
here is the proposed structure, please ignore/forgive the link top: UbuntuStudio/IntroTutVideos


 349
 
13:57 
< holstein> 
[action] Documentation - ScottL would also like to work on wiki.ubuntu.com


 350
 
13:57 
< MootBot> 
ACTION received:  Documentation - ScottL would also like to work on wiki.ubuntu.com


 351
 
13:58 
-!- 
steveire_ 
[~quassel@kde/skelly] has joined #ubuntu-meeting


 352
 
13:58 
< holstein> 
scott-upstairs:
 i say, shout out when you need help, and feel free to assign me to said tasks


 353
 
13:58 
-!- 
vanhoof 
[vanhoof@canonical/vanhoof] has quit [Read error: Operation timed out]


 354
 
13:58 
-!- 
steveire 
[~quassel@kde/skelly] has quit [Ping timeout: 260 seconds]


 355
 
13:59 
< scott-upstairs> 
right, i'll confer with ailo later about this, but unless someone strenuously objects AND wants to put forth an alternative, i'm going forward soon


 356
 
13:59 
< holstein> 
[topic] New Applications


 357
 
13:59 
< MootBot> 
New Topic:  New Applications


 358
 
13:59 
< scott-upstairs> 
the basic goal would to be to make this more untutivie and user friendly


 359
 
13:59 
< scott-upstairs> 
^^^ documentation


 360
 
13:59 
< holstein> 
yeah, im plowing on


 361
 
13:59 
< holstein> 
:)


 362
 
14:00 
< holstein> 
[action] plugins - mda-lv2, eq10q, autotalent,invada-studio-plugins-lv2, vocproc, wah-plugins, foo-yc20, amb-plugins, dssi-vst, lv2vocoder, omins


 363
 
14:00 
< MootBot> 
ACTION received:  plugins - mda-lv2, eq10q, autotalent,invada-studio-plugins-lv2, vocproc, wah-plugins, foo-yc20, amb-plugins, dssi-vst, lv2vocoder, omins


 364
 
14:00 
< scott-upstairs> 
there are several new apps i would like to include and they support things


 365
 
14:00 
< scott-upstairs> 
oh, you posted it


 366
 
14:00 
< scott-upstairs> 
is that really an action?


 367
 
14:00 
< holstein> 
[action] ladish - ladish, gladish, ladi-tools


 368
 
14:00 
< MootBot> 
ACTION received:  ladish - ladish, gladish, ladi-tools


 369
 
14:00 
< falktx> 
is ladish on 11.10 now ?


 370
 
14:00 
< scott-upstairs> 
i would like for us to move to ladish as well unless someone objects


 371
 
14:00 
< holstein> 
depends on if they are being added i suppose


 372
 
14:00 
< scott-upstairs> 
yes falktx


 373
 
14:00 
< falktx> 
cool


 374
 
14:00 
< scott-upstairs> 
they are in debian and ubuntu now


 375
 
14:00 
< holstein> 
more of a highlight than an action


 376
 
14:01 
< falktx> 
I have one thing that might interest you all right now


 377
 
14:01 
< holstein> 
[action] mudita24 - envy24control update, trying to get into Debian in time for Oneiric


 378
 
14:01 
< MootBot> 
ACTION received:  mudita24 - envy24control update, trying to get into Debian in time for Oneiric


 379
 
14:01 
< scott-upstairs> 
functionality is still sketchy from my experience but i expect it to get better ;)


 380
 
14:01 
< scott-upstairs> 
what is that falktx ?


 381
 
14:01 
< falktx> 
take a look  please - http://kxstudio.sourceforge.net/tmp/scr005.jpeg


 382
 
14:01  
* 
scott-upstairs will talk about mudita in a minute


 383
 
14:01 
< scott-upstairs> 
can you explain the functionality falktx ?


 384
 
14:02 
< falktx> 
sure


 385
 
14:02 
< falktx> 
it checks for the current installed packages (not binaries), and displays them


 386
 
14:02 
< falktx> 
the list is hardcoded


 387
 
14:02 
< scott-upstairs> 
it seems that it duplicates some of the functionality of ladish however


 388
 
14:02 
< falktx> 
^ because of this, we can know where docs are installed


 389
 
14:02 
< falktx> 
this way we can select an app and click "documentation"


 390
 
14:03 
< falktx> 
we can always create like "US-docs" package and point to it too


 391
 
14:03 
< falktx> 
this app also helps ladish, by providing pre-setup templates for many apps


 392
 
14:03 
< falktx> 
(anyone here knows about ladish internals?)


 393
 
14:03 
< scott-upstairs> 
falktx, i know some, can we discuss this together after the meeting?


 394
 
14:04 
< falktx> 
scott-upstairs:
 sure


 395
 
14:04 
< falktx> 
this can help the menu situation of menus too


 396
 
14:04 
< scott-upstairs> 
thanks, i fear other's eyes will glaze over otherwise and we're behind on the meeting


 397
 
14:04 
< falktx> 
instead of putting into the menu, let the app look for it and display it


 398
 
14:04 
< falktx> 
oh, sorry


 399
 
14:04 
< holstein> 
ok, moving on


 400
 
14:04 
< holstein> 
?


 401
 
14:04 
< scott-upstairs> 
mudita24 is the next version of envy24control which is for ice1712 chips (i.e. maudio delta series)


 402
 
14:05 
< scott-upstairs> 
i'm hoping it goes into debian soon and then i'll file to sync with ubuntu if it isn't in time for debianimport


 403
 
14:05 
< scott-upstairs> 
okay, done


 404
 
14:05 
< holstein> 
[topic] Testing Procedures


 405
 
14:05 
< MootBot> 
New Topic:  Testing Procedures


 406
 
14:05 
-!- 
acerimmer 
[4086883e@gateway/web/freenode/ip.64.134.136.62] has joined #ubuntu-meeting


 407
 
14:05 
< holstein> 
i dont think we have anything official to test


 408
 
14:05 
< holstein> 
so i say we hold that til next time


 409
 
14:06  
* 
falktx looks in debian git


 410
 
14:06 
< falktx> 
not there


 411
 
14:06 
< scott-upstairs> 
right but it would be nice to have someone who will oversee testing


 412
 
14:06 
< holstein> 
i was going to ask ailo :/


 413
 
14:06 
< scott-upstairs> 
falktx, http://packages.debian.org/unstable/main/ladish


 414
 
14:06 
< holstein> 
he's really methodical about the tests we have done so far


 415
 
14:06 
< scott-upstairs> 
but he's really only been testing the kernel


 416
 
14:06 
< scott-upstairs> 
i really wanted someone to oversee all of it


 417
 
14:07 
< holstein> 
right, i was going to ask though :)


 418
 
14:07 
< scott-upstairs> 
remind people to test when builds come out


 419
 
14:07 
< scott-upstairs> 
develop testing procedures


 420
 
14:07 
< scott-upstairs> 
etc


 421
 
14:07 
< holstein> 
yeah, we need that*


 422
 
14:07 
-!- 
leoquant 
[~leoquant@ubuntu/member/pdpc.supporter.active.leoquant] has joined #ubuntu-meeting


 423
 
14:07 
< holstein> 
hmmm...


 424
 
14:07 
< scott-upstairs> 
astraljava, you interested perhaps in helping with this?


 425
 
14:07 
< holstein> 
astraljava:
 ?


 426
 
14:07 
< holstein> 
hehe


 427
 
14:07 
-!- 
leoquant 
[~leoquant@ubuntu/member/pdpc.supporter.active.leoquant] has left #ubuntu-meeting []


 428
 
14:07 
< astraljava> 
scott-upstairs:
 Sure, why not. I'm not really a tester per se, but that's something I can do for contributing.


 429
 
14:07 
< scott-upstairs> 
*anything* is better than what we have currently


 430
 
14:08 
< scott-upstairs> 
astraljava, you can also look into the xubuntu testing process, they ahve some good stuff


 431
 
14:08 
< holstein> 
astraljava:
 cool


 432
 
14:08 
< scott-upstairs> 
i'll find the link for you later


 433
 
14:08 
< astraljava> 
Okay, that works for me.


 434
 
14:08 
< holstein> 
[action] astraljava to head up testing 


 435
 
14:08 
< MootBot> 
ACTION received:  astraljava to head up testing


 436
 
14:08 
< holstein> 
OK, moving on?


 437
 
14:08 
< scott-upstairs> 
sure


 438
 
14:08 
< holstein> 
[topic] Libre Graphics Magazine Ad


 439
 
14:08 
< MootBot> 
New Topic:  Libre Graphics Magazine Ad


 440
 
14:09 
< holstein> 
scott-upstairs:
 this sounds really cool


 441
 
14:09 
< scott-upstairs> 
we have graciously been afforded a free full page ad in libre graphics magazine


 442
 
14:09 
< scott-upstairs> 
i would like to captilize on this ad for the changes in oneiric


 443
 
14:09 
< scott-upstairs> 
we have several months till then


 444
 
14:09 
< holstein> 
is there a way to make it generic?


 445
 
14:10 
< scott-upstairs> 
is anyone interesting in hellping with brainstorming, developing idea, and effecting the ad


 446
 
14:10 
< holstein> 
o/


 447
 
14:10 
< scott-upstairs> 
holstein, do you think it should be more generic?


 448
 
14:10  
* 
holstein shrugs


 449
 
14:10 
< holstein> 
doesnt have to be


 450
 
14:10 
< scott-upstairs> 
my original thoughts were to celebrate our changes/improvements


 451
 
14:10 
< holstein> 
yeah, i can get on board with that


 452
 
14:10 
< scott-upstairs> 
to sell them as "better", which i think they are


 453
 
14:10 
-!- 
lostnbronx 
[~lostnbron@74-37-171-107.br1.sho.az.frontiernet.net] has joined #ubuntu-meeting


 454
 
14:11 
< holstein> 
[action] holstein to help scott-upstairs with brainstorming for the libre graphics ad


 455
 
14:11 
< MootBot> 
ACTION received:  holstein to help scott-upstairs with brainstorming for the libre graphics ad


 456
 
14:11 
< scott-upstairs> 
right, we can push this for further meetings and try to drum up support and develop things


 457
 
14:11 
< astraljava> 
I'm not into marketing and stuff, but I can help with technicals if needed.


 458
 
14:11 
< holstein> 
[action] holstein to get libre ad timetable information


 459
 
14:11 
< MootBot> 
ACTION received:  holstein to get libre ad timetable information


 460
 
14:12 
< holstein> 
[action] astraljava to help scott-upstairs with brainstorming for the libre graphics ad


 461
 
14:12 
< MootBot> 
ACTION received:  astraljava to help scott-upstairs with brainstorming for the libre graphics ad


 462
 
14:12 
< holstein> 
cool... moving on


 463
 
14:12 
< holstein> 
[topic] Advocacy ideas


 464
 
14:12 
< MootBot> 
New Topic:  Advocacy ideas


 465
 
14:12 
< holstein> 
[action] start or find the current ubuntustudio advocacy wiki and update


 466
 
14:13 
< MootBot> 
ACTION received:  start or find the current ubuntustudio advocacy wiki and update


 467
 
14:13 
< holstein> 
[action] holstein start or find the current ubuntustudio advocacy wiki and update


 468
 
14:13 
< MootBot> 
ACTION received:  holstein start or find the current ubuntustudio advocacy wiki and update


 469
 
14:13 
< scott-upstairs> 
holstein, did you get that fedora marketing link?


 470
 
14:13 
< holstein> 
i want to have something folks can easlily link to to show folks 'the buzz'


 471
 
14:13 
< holstein> 
scott-upstairs:
 im not sure... would you link it again?


 472
 
14:14 
< holstein> 
so it gets counted


 473
 
14:14 
< holstein> 
i want a place where folks can add their personal blogs such as http://dullass.blogspot.com/


 474
 
14:14 
< scott-upstairs> 
https://fedoraproject.org/wiki/Marketing


 475
 
14:14 
< holstein> 
i think the xubuntu team has a lot going on in this department, and im looking forward to emulating


 476
 
14:14 
-!- 
Destine 
[~destine@ubuntu/member/Destine] has quit [Remote host closed the connection]


 477
 
14:15 
< holstein> 
[action] for marketing ideas see https://fedoraproject.org/wiki/Marketing


 478
 
14:15 
< MootBot> 
ACTION received:  for marketing ideas see https://fedoraproject.org/wiki/Marketing


 479
 
14:15 
< holstein> 
not sure why that link didnt get counted*


 480
 
14:15 
< holstein> 
anyways.. moving on


 481
 
14:16 
< holstein> 
[topic] team reports UbuntuStudio/TeamReports


 482
 
14:16 
< MootBot> 
New Topic:  team reports UbuntuStudio/TeamReports


 483
 
14:16 
< scott-upstairs> 
here is the link for team reports:  UbuntuStudio/TeamReports


 484
 
14:16 
< scott-upstairs> 
it's not hard to do and this would be a great way for some newer person to help the team


 485
 
14:16 
< holstein> 
scott-upstairs:
 i can help with this too i think


 486
 
14:16 
< scott-upstairs> 
is anyone interested?


 487
 
14:16 
< scott-upstairs> 
holstein, that would be outstanding my friend!


 488
 
14:16 
< holstein> 
i used to do it a bit for our loco


 489
 
14:17 
< holstein> 
[action] holstein to help with team reports


 490
 
14:17 
< scott-upstairs> 
cool :)


 491
 
14:17 
< MootBot> 
ACTION received:  holstein to help with team reports


 492
 
14:17 
< holstein> 
[topic] announcments - https://wiki.ubuntu.com/OneiricReleaseSchedule


 493
 
14:17 
< MootBot> 
New Topic:  announcments - https://wiki.ubuntu.com/OneiricReleaseSchedule


 494
 
14:17 
< holstein> 
* LightDM will replace GDM in Oneiric Ocelot


 495
 
14:18 
< scott-upstairs> 
https://wiki.ubuntu.com/OneiricReleaseSchedule is the new schedule for oneiric proper


 496
 
14:18 
< holstein> 
scott-upstairs:
 anything else in announcements?


 497
 
14:18 
< scott-upstairs> 
and as holstein mentioned lightDM will be replacing GDM


 498
 
14:18 
< scott-upstairs> 
this will mean some significant changes and will require hacking and testing


 499
 
14:18 
< scott-upstairs> 
that's it for me


 500
 
14:18 
< holstein> 
[topic] Any Other Business - OPEN


 501
 
14:18 
< MootBot> 
New Topic:  Any Other Business - OPEN


 502
 
14:18 
< astraljava> 
Which means we should have it in for alpha2, no?


 503
 
14:19 
< scott-upstairs> 
okay, gotta run, kids are getting nuts downstairs and i need to help :/


 504
 
14:19 
< holstein> 
astraljava:
 i would think


 505
 
14:19 
< scott-upstairs> 
astraljava, it will be ready to test after we update the seeds/-settings package


 506
 
14:19 
< holstein> 
we'll keep an eye on the updates as they come in though


 507
 
14:19 
< astraljava> 
scott-upstairs:
 Gotcha.


 508
 
14:19 
< holstein> 
anyone else??


 509
 
14:19 
< scott-upstairs> 
by the way, i'll post minutes on this later this week


 510
 
14:19 
< holstein> 
questions, comments?


 511
 
14:19 
< astraljava> 
On other business, I intend to look into tasks.


 512
 
14:19 
< astraljava> 
ubuntustudio-desktop doesn't work for natty, nor oneiric.


 513
 
14:20 
< astraljava> 
Not sure about earlier than that.


 514
 
14:20 
< holstein> 
astraljava:
 i didnt try them actually


 515
 
14:20 
< holstein> 
if you want, i'll help track that down sometime


 516
 
14:20 
< astraljava> 
holstein:
 I'm afraid no one did.


 517
 
14:21 
< holstein> 
if its an issue of testing, and looking at a log, i can do that


 518
 
14:21 
< holstein> 
last time i tried was 10.04


 519
 
14:21 
< holstein> 
anyways... onward and upward i say


 520
 
14:21 
< holstein> 
astraljava:
 lets try and make sure we look at that in 11.10 :) 


 521
 
14:22 
< holstein> 
anyways... if thats all..


 522
 
14:23 
< holstein> 
[topic] next meeting - July 3rd 17:00 UTC - in #ubuntu-meeting unless otherwise noted


 523
 
14:23 
< MootBot> 
New Topic:  next meeting - July 3rd 17:00 UTC - in #ubuntu-meeting unless otherwise noted


 524
 
14:23 
< holstein> 
[topic] next meeting chair


 525
 
14:23 
< MootBot> 
New Topic:  next meeting chair


 526
 
14:23 
< holstein> 
i dont mind to do it again, assuming im free*


 527
 
14:23 
< holstein> 
anyone else interested?


 528
 
14:24 
< holstein> 
[action] holstein to chair the next meeting - unless otherwise noted


 529
 
14:24 
< MootBot> 
ACTION received:  holstein to chair the next meeting - unless otherwise noted


 530
 
14:24 
< holstein> 
#endmeeting


 531
 
14:24 
< MootBot> 
Meeting finished at 13:26.
```

### Mootbot Output

[http://www.novarata.net/mootbot/ubuntu-meeting.20110605_1202.html](http://www.novarata.net/mootbot/ubuntu-meeting.20110605_1202.html)

```
   1
 
13:00 
-!- 
Irssi: 
Starting query in freenode with MootBot


   2
 
13:00 
<MootBot> 
Meeting started at 12:02. The chair is holstein.


   3
 
13:01 
<MootBot> 
New Topic:  agenda UbuntuStudio/Meetings/2011June5


   4
 
13:05 
<MootBot> 
New Topic:  old buisness


   5
 
13:07 
<MootBot> 
New Topic:  Oneiric Timeline UbuntuStudio/Oneiric/Timeline


   6
 
13:08 
<MootBot> 
ACTION received:  review the timeline at UbuntuStudio/Oneiric/Timeline and adjust/help as needed


   7
 
13:11 
<MootBot> 
ACTION received:  holstein to re-order the timeline chronologically


   8
 
13:12 
<MootBot> 
New Topic:  Website Update


   9
 
13:17 
<MootBot> 
ACTION received:  scott-upstairs to research alternative hosting plans


  10
 
13:20 
<MootBot> 
ACTION received:  vote next meeting about where the new site will be hosted


  11
 
13:21 
<MootBot> 
New Topic:  Menu changes


  12
 
13:26 
<MootBot> 
Please vote on:  hold menu re-vamp til next cycle.


  13
 
13:28 
<MootBot> 
Final result is 4 for, 0 against. 0 abstained. Total: 4


  14
 
13:28 
<MootBot> 
ACTION received:  postpone menu revamp til next cycle (12.04)


  15
 
13:28 
<MootBot> 
New Topic:  XFCE/UI Changes


  16
 
13:29 
<MootBot> 
LINK received:  http://kxstudio.sourceforge.net/tmp/scr001.jpeg


  17
 
13:44 
<MootBot> 
ACTION received:  Should we provide a option that looks like old UI? - not officially


  18
 
13:45 
<MootBot> 
New Topic:  Documentation Updates


  19
 
13:49 
<MootBot> 
LINK received:  http://kxstudio.sourceforge.net/tmp/scr002.jpeg


  20
 
13:49 
<MootBot> 
LINK received:  http://kxstudio.sourceforge.net/tmp/scr003.jpeg


  21
 
13:49 
<MootBot> 
LINK received:  http://kxstudio.sourceforge.net/tmp/scr004.jpeg


  22
 
13:54 
<MootBot> 
ACTION received:  falktx and ckontros to discuss *-controls functionality and report


  23
 
13:56 
<MootBot> 
ACTION received:  Documentation - Clarification: generally help.ubuntu.com is for users and wiki.ubuntu.com is for developement


  24
 
13:56 
<MootBot> 
ACTION received:  Documentation - The plan is to reorganize the help.ubuntu.com documentation


  25
 
13:57 
<MootBot> 
ACTION received:  Documentation We will be deprecating older pages, modifying current ones, and creating additional pages as needed


  26
 
13:57 
<MootBot> 
ACTION received:  Documentation - Is anyone else interested in assisting?


  27
 
13:57 
<MootBot> 
ACTION received:  Documentation - ScottL would also like to work on wiki.ubuntu.com


  28
 
13:59 
<MootBot> 
New Topic:  New Applications


  29
 
14:00 
<MootBot> 
ACTION received:  plugins - mda-lv2, eq10q, autotalent,invada-studio-plugins-lv2, vocproc, wah-plugins, foo-yc20, amb-plugins, dssi-vst, lv2vocoder, omins


  30
 
14:00 
<MootBot> 
ACTION received:  ladish - ladish, gladish, ladi-tools


  31
 
14:01 
<MootBot> 
ACTION received:  mudita24 - envy24control update, trying to get into Debian in time for Oneiric


  32
 
14:05 
<MootBot> 
New Topic:  Testing Procedures


  33
 
14:08 
<MootBot> 
ACTION received:  astraljava to head up testing


  34
 
14:08 
<MootBot> 
New Topic:  Libre Graphics Magazine Ad


  35
 
14:11 
<MootBot> 
ACTION received:  holstein to help scott-upstairs with brainstorming for the libre graphics ad


  36
 
14:11 
<MootBot> 
ACTION received:  holstein to get libre ad timetable information


  37
 
14:12 
<MootBot> 
ACTION received:  astraljava to help scott-upstairs with brainstorming for the libre graphics ad


  38
 
14:12 
<MootBot> 
New Topic:  Advocacy ideas


  39
 
14:13 
<MootBot> 
ACTION received:  start or find the current ubuntustudio advocacy wiki and update


  40
 
14:13 
<MootBot> 
ACTION received:  holstein start or find the current ubuntustudio advocacy wiki and update


  41
 
14:15 
<MootBot> 
ACTION received:  for marketing ideas see https://fedoraproject.org/wiki/Marketing


  42
 
14:16 
<MootBot> 
New Topic:  team reports UbuntuStudio/TeamReports


  43
 
14:17 
<MootBot> 
ACTION received:  holstein to help with team reports


  44
 
14:17 
<MootBot> 
New Topic:  announcments - https://wiki.ubuntu.com/OneiricReleaseSchedule


  45
 
14:18 
<MootBot> 
New Topic:  Any Other Business - OPEN


  46
 
14:23 
<MootBot> 
New Topic:  next meeting - July 3rd 17:00 UTC - in #ubuntu-meeting unless otherwise noted


  47
 
14:23 
<MootBot> 
New Topic:  next meeting chair


  48
 
14:24 
<MootBot> 
ACTION received:  holstein to chair the next meeting - unless otherwise noted


  49
 
14:24 
<MootBot> 
Meeting finished at 13:26.


  50
 
14:24 
<MootBot> 
Logs available at http://www.novarata.net/mootbot/
```

UbuntuStudio/Meetings/2011June5 (last edited 2011-06-07 14:50:25 by 75-143-224-172)
